$Id$

TODO LIST

string.upper() the encoding value in the XML PI.

Enhance blenderscript.bash.
    Produce a warning against wrapper script if $PWD is the blender directory.
    Re-code the write check to accommodate Windows quirk.
    Support MinGW/Cygwin:
        Use relative instead of absolute paths
        Change interpreter line to just use /bin/sh
    Drop the quit and wrap generated script with a try/expect.
    Have the previous item display good stack trace.
    Optimize command-line params.  Only need EITHER -p or -b.

Make sure all test methods "" commented.  testunit reports much better with.
REFACTOR according to new things I've learned about Python
    No \ necessary if continuing a [list] or (parameters), and even for
     expressions inside of ().
    Use + to concatenate lists, incl. l1 += l2

Think of a good way to enforce scene node name uniqueness.
It's problematic because we want the higher-level nodes to have naming
precedence, yet the nodes written to strings leaf-first.  Do not want to
have to have parents pass their names down to all the descendants.  I dunno.

Find out how to retrieve export or data file preference directory from Blender.
Default export directory to that.
EGAD:  Terrible situation.  There is no reliable way to save preferences or
whatever data to the FS across Blender invocations.  Unable to extract the
path to the current file.  Blender.Library.GetName() is useless; user path
preferences are generally not used; current directory is usually useless.
For now, user is going to have to navigate to desired target directory the
first export for each session.

STUCK.  Unable to run any Blender environment test scripts, because Blender is
giving me a segmentation fault when I try to open a *.blend file from Python,
like "Blender.Load('/file/path.blend')".  I need to try on a different
computer.  Can still test stuff that doesn't require a *.blend file, but the
whole point here is to verify that complex input (like what is stored in a
*.blend file) gets exported accurately.
